If an Employee is not improving after receiving appropriate
assistance, the Department may apply measures based on his or
her performance failing to meet promotion criteria.
This is provided the Employee is not on probation.
The Department may provide the Employee additional time to meet
the promotion criteria; or assign the Employee duties
commensurate with the current grade.
If the second action is taken, the Career Ladder Plan may end,
and the Employee will remain at the level he or she reached
within the career ladder.
If the Employee remains in the position,
he or she may be non-competitively reinstated in
the career ladder plan or assigned to another position at
the same grade and step.